User story - 1

	A user connects to the server once (s)he enters server ip address

	GameException
	
	If the ip address is not valid or is not available to reach, an exception is displayed to the user.

User story - 2
	Client GUI prompts server ip address, user's name. If a user name is valid, and not taken by another user, server returns a valid message
	Otherwise, server return user to enter different name 
	
	GameException
		- user name is choosen by another player
		
User story - 3

	User sends a message to the other user. This message is broadcasted to all user connected to game.
	
User story - 4

	User sends a action message to the server. Server validates and operate this message and the final status will 
	broadcast to the all user connected to server.
	
	GameException
		- user can send a card that is not belongs to user
		- user should sends an card whose value is lower than the card which is top of the discarded cards if user has greater value 
		
User story - 5 

	Users should guess the number of turn win in an game episode. The user who says maximum value, has right to say ***which card takes on the table***
	
	
Game Rules

	Game initially distribute cards to the user totally 13 cards for each user and sends back to the user

	Before starts a game, a user guess how many turn he takes in an game episode. The maximum guessed turn will have the right to
	specify trump card.
	
	The game is played in a pair. Opposite users is a pair in the game.
	 
	The game turn is sequential to counter clock-wise.
	
	The user draw card first if he receives cards on the table.
	
	At the beginning of game, the player who draw card first, he starts the game episode.
	
	The game will end if there is no card that player has
	
	Score is incremental. So, if a user receive equal or greater turns as guessed at the beginning of game, receive points as turns taken.
	Otherwise, the loser user pairs receives negative point equal to guessed number.

	The game continue until a predefined win points.
	
	
Technical implementations

	- Every user has a related thread in game server. So that each user receives its proper cards.
	- Once an action operated in game server, all thread receives actions